Hi. I'm Patty Raymond for
Amazon Web Services,
Training and Certification.
For the next few minutes,
I'm going to walk you
through a quick overview
of Amazon Transcribe.
Amazon Transcribe is
an automatic speech
recognition service
also known as ASR,
that's designed to make it
easy for developers
to incorporate
speech-to-text capabilities
into their applications.
In this course, I'll highlight
the features of
Amazon Transcribe,
talk a bit about how it works,
and provide a few examples
of common use cases.
I'll also tell you how to get
started and give a
quick demonstration.
Historically, people
saved most data in
structured formats that were
relatively easy to search.
For example, information entered
into databases via forms or
saved and spreadsheets
is pretty easy
to analyze even at
very high volumes.
Increasingly, we capture data in
less structured
formats that are more
difficult to analyze
on a large scale.
In particular, the speech in
audio and video files needs
to be recorded as text
before it can be
searched or categorized.
Traditionally,
converting audio content
to text has required a lot
of human intervention.
Someone has to play back the
recording and capture all of
the speaker's words
in text form and then
review and edit the
transcribed content.
Even with the benefit of
a speech-to-text tool,
a lot of editing and
formatting is required.
This is particularly true
for outputs that require
high levels of accuracy and
readability like video subtitles.
The high level of
effort to manually
convert these media to
text means that only
the most critical items
are transcribed and
valuable information
may be overlooked.
Amazon Transcribe can help
you address these
potential barriers.
Amazon Transcribe is
a fully managed and continually
trained ASR service
that accepts common audio
formats including WAV,
MP3, MP4, and FLAC,
and can accurately transcribe
both low fidelity and
high fidelity audio.
This makes it a natural fit for
use cases such as
transcribing customer
service calls into
analyzable data or
generating subtitles for videos
with a high level of accuracy.
Amazon Transcribe
uses deep learning to
provide accurate and
quick transcriptions.
It was designed to make
it easy for you to get
even greater accuracy and
usefulness from the
transcribed output.
For example, the output is
not just one long
uninterrupted string of text.
Instead, Amazon
Transcribe uses machine
learning to add in
punctuation and
grammatical formatting.
So the texts you get back
is immediately usable.
Amazon Transcribe also
timestamps every word,
which makes it easy to align
subtitles for close captioning.
It also makes it easy to index.
Transcripts include
confidence levels
for each word of the
transcribed output,
making it easy to determine where
more editing or quality
assurance may be required.
Amazon Transcribe also
helps you mitigate
issues with source audio
to improve accuracy.
For example, you can upload
custom vocabulary
that can help improve
the accuracy if the content
you're transcribing has
industry-specific terms like
medical or legal terms.
You can choose the language
of the source file.
The supported
languages are listed,
and Amazon Transcribe
attribute speech to
different speakers to make it
easier to interpret the output.
Because Amazon Transcribe was
designed to be easy
for developers to use,
there are only a few
steps to get started.
You don't need to understand
how the underlying models
work and you don't need to
build your own machine
learning models.
You invoke the service via
API and with a few lines of code,
you're ready to transcribe
files on Amazon S3.
You can easily initiate the
transcription operation via
the AWS management console
and you can test the service
via the console too.
Amazon Transcribe offers
secure communication
between the service and
your applications
through SSL encryption.
You can access your
transcriptions via assigned URLs.
You can also make sure
that information is
kept secure and confidential by
controlling access
to Amazon Transcribe
through AWS IAM policies.
The service integrates
easily with
other AWS services such
as Amazon Comprehend,
Amazon ES, Amazon Translate,
and Amazon Athena.
You can easily leverage
powerful deep learning
models combined with
highly scalable index
searching and analysis tools
to reap high-value from your
audio and video content.
Here are a few examples.
A call center uses Amazon
Transcribe to produce
transcriptions of
low-fidelity phone calls
with high accuracy.
The center uses Amazon Comprehend
on the transcribed data to
identify key phrases and
customer sentiments so that
they can classify the calls.
They use Amazon Athena
to query the data and
Amazon QuickSight to visualize
the results and analyze trends.
The Human Resources
Department uses
Amazon Transcribe to generate
transcriptions of meetings
and training sessions,
then indexes the results
using Amazon ES.
Internal stakeholders
can quickly search for
content on demand to
locate topics of interest.
A video production business uses
Amazon Transcribe to produce
transcriptions of audio
tracks for subtitles.
Limited editing is done
on the output files and
the quality assurance
team can focus
on sections that have
lower confidence ratings.
Using the timestamps in
the transcript file,
they can easily align the
captions with the video.
They use Amazon
Translate to convert
the transcript into
additional languages.
You can even translate
conversations.
Use Amazon Transcribe to
generate the transcription
of the speaker's message.
Use Amazon Comprehend to
recognize the language
of the speaker,
and use Amazon
Translate to translate
the message into the
receiver's language.
Then, use Amazon Polly to
read the translated
message to the recipient.
To get started, you'll need to
save the file you
want to transcribe on
Amazon S3 stored in a bucket
with the proper permissions.
The files must be in one of
four formats; FLAC, MP3,
MP4, or WAV, and they must
be less than two hours long.
For best results, source files
should use lossless compression,
FLAC or WAV, and recording
should be done in a
low-noise environment.
You'll want to limit
crosstalk too.
You'll need an AWS account with
an IAM user who has
full access to the
transcribed API calls,
and you should be
familiar with the CLI.
You'll also need a text editor.
We also recommend that you
review the developer's
guide which you can
find in the AWS documentation
under Amazon Transcribe.
For the demonstration, I'll use
the AWS management
console to start a job,
verify that it's completed,
and then review the results.
On the AWS management console,
select "Amazon Transcribe."
Then click the "Try
Amazon Transcribe" button
to open the "Create
Transcription Job" dialogue.
Give your job a relevant name.
For this demonstration,
I'm going to
use Gettysburg Address test.
Paste or type the location
of the source file
on Amazon S3 that you
want to transcribe.
Select the source language.
For this demonstration,
I'll use English,
and select the format
of your source file.
For this example, it's MP3.
Optionally, I can specify
the media sampling rate.
This rate must match
the sampling rate of the
associated media content.
Sampling rates between
8000 hertz and
48,000 hertz are supported
by Amazon Transcribe.
Once I fill that in,
I click the "Create" button and
my job has been submitted
for processing.
Once the request
has been submitted,
I can check the
status of the job by
selecting "Transcription Jobs"
from the menu on the left.
This opens a list
of available jobs.
You may see older transcripts.
That's because the service makes
transcription results
available for 90 days.
In the status column,
I can see that my
job is in progress.
If I click on the
job name itself,
I can review the details
of the job and also review
or copy the sample JSON
request for this job.
When the status of
the job is completed,
I'll be able to select
the output URL from
the job details page and
review the transcribed text.
The output file is placed in
an S3 bucket and is only
accessible with assigned URI.
For added security,
the URI is valid for
only a few minutes after you
initially request
the job results.
Just taking a quick
look at the transcript,
I can see that the content
of my MP3 file has been
transcribed with formatting
and punctuation,
and I can see the timestamps and
confidence levels for
each word in the file.
In summary, Amazon Transcribe is
a fully managed and continually
trained ASR service that is
designed to make it easy for
developers to incorporate
accurate speech-to-text
capabilities
into their applications.
I hope you found
this introduction
to Amazon Transcribe helpful,
and that you're ready
to try it yourself.
Please continue to explore
other related courses.
I'm Patty Raymond for
Amazon Web Services,
Training and Certification.